"Standardize" publication authors list (#465)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/gehlenborg-2020-medrxiv.md

publisher: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41746-020-00308-0"
cite:

>   authors: "GA Brat, GM Weber, N Gehlenborg, P Avillach, NP Palmer, L Chiovato, J Cimino, LR Waitman, GS Omenn, A Malovini, JH Moore, BK Beaulieu-Jones, V Tibollo, SN Murphy, SL' Yi, MS Keller, R Bellazzi, DA Hanauer, A Serret-Larmande, AG Gutierrez-Sacristan, DS Bell, KD Mandl, RW Follett, JG Klann, DA Murad, L Scudeller, M Bucalo, K Kirchoff, J Craig, J Obeid, V Jouhet, R Griffier, S Cossin, B Moal, L Patel, A Bellasi, HU Prokosch, D Kraska, P Sliz, KY Ngiam, A Zambelli, E Schiver, B Devkota, RL Bradford, C Daniel, V Benoit, R Bey, N Paris, P Serre, N Orlova, J Dubiel, M Hilka, AS Jannot, J Leblanc, N Griffon, A Burgun, M Bernaux, A Sandrin, E Salamanca, S Cormont, T Ganslandt, T Gradinger, J Champ, M Boeker, P Martel, L Esteve, A Gramfort, O Grisel, D Leprovost, T Moreau, G Varoquaux, JJ Vie, D Wassermann, A Mensch, C Caucheteux, C Haverkamp, G Lemaitre, S Bosari, ID Krantz, A South, ALM Tan, T Cai, IS Kohane (for the 4CE Consortium)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  authors: "GA Brat, GM Weber, N Gehlenborg, P Avillach, NP Palmer, L Chiovato, J Cimino, LR Waitman, GS Omenn, A Malovini, JH Moore, BK Beaulieu-Jones, V Tibollo, SN Murphy, S L'Yi, MS Keller, R Bellazzi, DA Hanauer, A Serret-Larmande, AG Gutierrez-Sacristan, DS Bell, KD Mandl, RW Follett, JG Klann, DA Murad, L Scudeller, M Bucalo, K Kirchoff, J Craig, J Obeid, V Jouhet, R Griffier, S Cossin, B Moal, L Patel, A Bellasi, HU Prokosch, D Kraska, P Sliz, KY Ngiam, A Zambelli, E Schiver, B Devkota, RL Bradford, C Daniel, V Benoit, R Bey, N Paris, P Serre, N Orlova, J Dubiel, M Hilka, AS Jannot, J Leblanc, N Griffon, A Burgun, M Bernaux, A Sandrin, E Salamanca, S Cormont, T Ganslandt, T Gradinger, J Champ, M Boeker, P Martel, L Esteve, A Gramfort, O Grisel, D Leprovost, T Moreau, G Varoquaux, JJ Vie, D Wassermann, A Mensch, C Caucheteux, C Haverkamp, G Lemaitre, S Bosari, ID Krantz, A South, ALM Tan, T Cai, IS Kohane (for the 4CE Consortium)"
```
